clarification on smartcard cert template config (#83436)
Azure/azure-content: articles/virtual-desktop/configure-adfs-sso.md

After you create these certificate templates, you'll need to enable the templates on the certificate authority so AD FS can request them.

> [!NOTE]

> > This solution generates new short term certificates for every user logon which can fill up the Certificate Authority database over time if you have a lot of users. You can avoid this by [setting up a CA for non-persistent certificate processing](/previous-versions/windows/it-pro/windows-server-2008-R2-and-2008/ff934598(v=ws.10)). If you do so, please ensure you only click/configure "Do not store certificates and requests in the CA database." on the duplicated smartcard logon certificate template. The "Do not include revocation information in issued certificates." option must NOT be clicked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This solution generates new short-term certificates for every time a user signs in, which can fill up the Certificate Authority database if you have many users. You can avoid overloading your database by [setting up a CA for non-persistent certificate processing](/previous-versions/windows/it-pro/windows-server-2008-R2-and-2008/ff934598(v=ws.10)). If you do this, make sure to only enable "Do not store certificates and requests in the CA database" on the duplicated smartcard logon certificate template. Don't enable "Do not include revocation information in issued certificates," or else the configuration won't work.
```
